All right.
So before we jump in and we start writing our aged hymnal and CSX for this project I just want to talk
a little bit about design and ideas.
So it really depends sometimes you'll get a job as a front end developer and you'll have a designer
on your team that will create the you eyes and create the designs and then hand them off to you.
So usually it'll be like maybe a photoshop file or a sketch file illustrator or some kind of graphic
design program and then it's your job to take that design and use each team Alan CSX and possibly some
javascript to recreate that seed so that it actually runs in the browser as a Web site or a web app.
Now a lot of the times you don't have the luxury of having a designer you'll have to actually create
everything come up with the ideas on your own especially if you're doing freelancing where you do absolutely
everything.
So what I usually do is I look at other Web sites and other themes for inspiration and a good way to
do that is to search like theme sites.
So for instance bootstrap has a lot of really nice themes bootstrap is actually a framework in each
team LCROSS framework.
I have an entire course in bootstrap if you want to learn more about it.
But let's say we search for bootstrap themes and there's going to be all types of sites that have different
themes.
Let's just go to this one here.
Themes dot get bootstrap dot com and we go down here and you can see some examples some of them are
Web sites and some are like admin interfaces like this.
That's not really what we're interested right now.
But let's take this site for example and this is actually selling for 50 dollars and that that's another
idea for you guys if you get good at this after this course and you can create some decent layouts you
can actually sell them online but most of these sites have a live preview so let's take a look at that.
So what I would do is I would take a look at this layout and I would just get some ideas.
So look at the header.
Look at how things are laid out how the logo looks.
The background image K so that's that's really the what's popular right now is to have the main large
image with just a little bit of text and maybe some buttons and then underneath that have some boxes
and you'll see that over and over.
And that's really what's in right now it's to keep it very clean you know not not crazy colors just
maybe you know to two or maybe three colors with some light grays and in some dark colors but it's pretty
simple and down here we have some demo pages like the services page which again we just have a large
background with some with some text over it.
If we go down we have three boxes with some icons so icons are really big.
Down here you can see just have some text images laid out.
There's some animation in this theme but you know of course you don't need to add the animation.
I'm actually not a fan of a lot of animation.
And again just icons and text just like we have right here so you'll see this over and over.
So just go to different theme sites and get some ideas get some inspiration and don't copy them I'm
not saying just you know take exactly what they did and redo it but take in some of the ideas from maybe
four or five different themes and create something of your own so that that's what I do that's how I
create my web sites and user interfaces I'm far from a graphic designer but I think I have at least
some some eye for design and it's not that hard.
Just take some some examples for inspiration.
All right.
So that said I just wanted to kind of talk a little bit about that before we get started.
So in the next video we're going to start to write our age Tamil.